I'm waiting for these buds for two years, but as soon as your petals bloom, I'll be able
to awaken my wolf spirit in six months.
Lucky you.
I'm dying in the arena, huh?
You're all right.
Aren't you every?
Thanks, Alpha Logan.
For your blessing?
Stubborn, as always.
You missed the arena already.
Please me.
And this premium cure could be yours.
No need.
I have my herbs.
Ungrateful.
You are asking.
What?
It's the Alpha of the Silver Streak Pack.
People call him the Heartless Alpha.
Kill your own pack, member?
There'll be some before our werewolf tribunal.
I'm not killing anybody.
She's not going to die from a little trip, right Avery?
I'm fine, thank you.
You're that.
She's fine.
So maybe you should mine your own pack.
I'm fine.
So maybe you should mine your own pack of fairs, Alpha Ryan.
Oh yeah, Alpha.
Listen, I forget why we're here.
You don't want to get kicked down before you find your name.
Of course, Alpha Logan.
I just have some work to do through the night.
I thought maybe she could serve me.
You wouldn't deny a request for my guests, right?